<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
    <!--
    Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 
    
        1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML are tags that give meaning to content in the html. These tags include heading, paragraph and footer tags. They would not include <div> and <b> tags which more genreral block content tags.
    
        2. What is HTML used for? 
    Web developers use HTML to instruct the Web browser application how to format and display the content of Web pages.
    
        3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes give additional properties to a html element.
    
        4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 element is used for headers and should only be used once
    
        5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    the img and the a tag
        6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title, link to style sheets, meta charater
    
        7. What is an id? 
    the ID is the identifier for the element. It identifies an area of a web page for scripts.
        8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    CSS styles, anchor links, and targets
        9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once per page
        10. What is a class? 
    classes can be put on elements in order to give them certain properties
        11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    classes can be used on any element
        12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want
        13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    href link would work
        14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
        15. How do I reference an id?
    Id selector is the best way to reference an ID
    
        16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections are semantic and divs are not
        17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling html docments
        18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    on the css
    h2{
    blahblahblah: 40px
    }
        19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes can be used multiple times while IDs can be used one time through a html document
        20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    at beginning of the bracket before choosing what styling you want you put a . before the class
        21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
        22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector allows you to dictate which element is either the parent or the child. Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element.
        23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar
        24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). 
        25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    CSS line-height property
        26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    CSS letter-spacing property
        27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The CSS text-transform Property
        28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    The border-style property with dotted selected
        29. How do I select everything on the page?
     Universal selector of *
        30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    you start a comment with /* , and end it with */
        31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cd will do that!
        32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls will give you a list of the folders you are in
        33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm -r File-Name
    because it will be gone forever
        34. Why should I use version control? 
    If you use version control then you can go back to previous versions of your code
        35. How often should I commit to github?
    when you've finished a complete line of code, fairly often
        36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    
    
        37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    The Lambda School Git Flow
    Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
    Student will add TL as a collaborator
    Student then will Clone Repo
    Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
    Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
    Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
    Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
    TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.
    Stretch Questions
    
        1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    
    
    
       --> 